Tasks API - Add task deletion capability (#198)
meilisearch/specifications: text/0034-telemetry-policies.md

| filtered_by_before_finished_at        | `true` if tasks are filtered by the `beforeFinishedAt` query parameter, otherwise `false` | false |
| filtered_by_after_finished_at         | `true` if tasks are filtered by the `afterFinishedAt` query parameter, otherwise `false` | false |

## `Tasks Deleted`

| Property name | Description | Example |
|---------------|-------------|---------|
| user_agent    | Represents the user-agent encountered on this call. | `["Meilisearch Ruby (v2.1)", "Ruby (3.0)"]` |

> | filtered_by_uid                       | `true` if tasks are filtered by the `uid` query parameter, otherwise `false` | false |
> | filtered_by_index_uid                 | `true` if tasks are filtered by the `indexUid` query parameter, otherwise `false` | false |
> | filtered_by_type                      | `true` if tasks are filtered by the `type` query parameter, otherwise `false` | false |
> | filtered_by_status                    | `true` if tasks are filtered by the `status` query parameter, otherwise `false` | false |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| filtered_by_uid                       | `true` if tasks are filtered by the `uids` query parameter, otherwise `false` | false |
| filtered_by_index_uid                 | `true` if tasks are filtered by the `indexUids` query parameter, otherwise `false` | false |
| filtered_by_type                      | `true` if tasks are filtered by the `types` query parameter, otherwise `false` | false |
| filtered_by_status                    | `true` if tasks are filtered by the `statuses` query parameter, otherwise `false` | false |
```
Shouldn't these be plurals? Also, shouldn't the "Property names" be updated? E.g. `filtered_by_uid`-> `filtered_by_uids`

Author: From my POV, it means tasks have been filtered by their uid field, so it's ok!
